okay so this is my 2019 QA video I went
on to Twitter and on to YouTube stories
and I asked you guys to ask me some
questions and so here are my answers to
some of them the question that was asked
the most across both platforms was is
YouTube still a side gig for you and it
is it's been four and a half almost five
years at this point it started off as
this thing that I did as like a creative
outlet and it's still exactly that same
role in my life as it was from day one
like I have my regular job which is very
taxing and very important but it's not
fun at all okay second question what is
your time management routine how do you
balance family work and YouTube channel
I think it just happens you just get
good or you just adapt to new things
that happen in your life I now have two
kids plus a YouTube channel on top of on
a regular job but you just got to make
it work okay what would you change about
your current filming setup I don't like
the fact that I've been shooting off a
static camera for my entire YouTube
career not that I want to be shooting
off of handheld stuff always but I feel
like the one or two times that I've had
handheld clips and videos I've enjoyed
that process a lot more so I'd like to
incorporate that more into my videos in
the future but again we'll see this is a
good question from Tyler so Mac users
will we still be or will they still be
jealous of the fact that they don't have
access to Nvidia so the way I see it is
this for video production and strictly
speaking from a video production
perspective I think Apple's kind of AMD
relationship and they're the way that
they tie their hardware and software
together with metal I think that is
gonna catch up very soon but in terms of
other things like CAD work cam work or
any kind of like heavy 3d stuff Nvidia
is really nice to have access to so I
guess it really depends on your
profession and what you do with those
video cards but I do feel like for video
production apples pretty much caught up
game-changing tech for the next
decade I'd say battery technology like
we've been using lithium ion for years
and I know that there's been advanced
'men that have been made with lithium
ion but when we get away from lithium
and into something that's like graphene
based or something that's just like next
gen I think that'll be the the biggest
improvement we see in tech over the next
decade oh do you have hope for mobile
gaming okay game development is driven
by one thing profit like if your game is
awesome but it doesn't make money it was
a huge waste of time for everyone
involved in the development of that game
so companies have just resorted to
making these kind of crap your quality
games but they're there they're designed
to make money for the company and you
can't blame them right in an industry
which is entirely based on profit and
sustainability and survivability that's
what companies have to resort to to be
able to survive and it's a shame but
yeah to answer question I don't see
mobile gaming becoming becoming the type
of gaming that I want to play it's the
type of gaming that makes companies
money and that's just the way it is what
would I prefer an iPhone with a USB C
port or oneplus phones with really good
cameras that's a great question
um I'd go for oneplus I'd go for a
oneplus phone that had an awesome camera
like on the level of like a samsung or a
pixel or an iPhone like that would
change people's perception of the brand
and that would also change what a six or
seven or dollar smartphone would get you
I don't know if that'll ever happen but
an iPhone with a USB C port would be
great but it doesn't move or affect the
industry enough what everything is the
best thin in light gaming laptop for
2020 first of all it's not even 2020 yet
but if I had to predict which one would
be the best I have I have I have the one
in mind it's sitting over there it's
gonna be revealed in a week or two so
stay tuned for that but there yeah
there's there's one I have in mind have
you ever thought about doing a yearly
laptop award like marques well okay I
don't feel like laptops I look at the
table as if ahead laptops are there are
no laptops here but I don't feel like
laptops really does
an award show because so much of a
laptop preference is personal preference
like color shape feel like all that
stuff is very personal so I think it's
it's it's strange to have like an award
show when so much of it is subjective
like I really like the razor blade in
that white color but that's just a
personal preference how tall I am I'm
510 maybe a little bit more but around
510 pretty average height
what would Apple do to win you back it's
not like I guess this is in reference to
I've escaped from Apple I don't think
that the I don't think it's what Apple
has to do to win me back
it's what do other companies have to
fail at for me to go back to Apple so
might the whole reason of not using
Apple products at this point in time is
mostly an issue of price like a lot of
their stuff is just it's expensive and I
don't feel like it's really worth it for
the stuff that I do to invest in the
Apple ecosystem but if oneplus started
making these really expensive phones
that were crappy and if companies
started screwing up what they're doing
right then I'd probably go back to Apple
because their stuff is great it's just
it's not for me right now
what is your storage solution I don't
store anything I know some channels like
I know Linus has like bunkers and rooms
filled with hard drives but I nuke
everything like within 24 hours of me
pushing up a video I'll erase it and
sometimes there's like you know Oh Dave
you made a mistake in this video you
should you should change it you should
fix it I can't it's too late at that
point I've I get rid of my footage
really quickly and I lose it forever and
if I ever have to refer to an older
video I just go onto YouTube redownload
it back so YouTube is my storage
solution
my favorite video I have ever made so
it's actually the Dyson vacuum video I
made a video of some vacuum that Dyson
sent over and it was a really good
vacuum and I spent so much time and
effort making this this video that that
was really cool it was honestly
something I was that I've really enjoyed
it but then I put it out there and you
guys hated it partially because it was a
vacuum on a tech
and then secondly I think there were a
lot of other content creators making
videos on the same vacuum that day so it
was just received really poorly by my
audience but it was honestly one of my
favorite videos I've ever shot and edit
it was just a lot of fun ok last
question have you ever considered buying
a chair for your review desk
first of all Austin like that just it
sounds like you're assuming that I stand
in my videos which is honestly a
terrible assumption to have
[Music]